---
layout: post
title: Minutes 2019-02-26
---

## Steering Committee Meeting Minutes, Tuesday, February 26, 2019 6:00p-8:00p
### Smoketown Collective

#### Attendance
* Kehontas Rowe - Chair
* Dawn Howard
* Bret Walker - Minutes
* Robert Kahne
* Chris Harrell

Prior to the meeting being called to order, general discussion was had regarding planning for our upcoming event, taking place on March 9 at Louie Lab.

Robert also informed those present that Alex Haynes resigned from the board due to a lack of availability. Alex told Robert in an email that he supports Code for Kentuckiana and hopes he can contribute in the future. Several members expressed hopes that Alex is able to work with the group in the future.

Meeting called to order. 

###### Reading and approval of the minutes.

Robert moved to approve previous meeting minutes, Bret seconded.
Approved unanimously.

###### No new reports of Officers, Boards, Standing Committees.

###### No new reports of Special Committees.

###### No Special Orders.

###### Unfinished Business and General Orders. 

The committee continued the planning session and discussed items such as logistics, food, signage, etc.

After the planning discussion, Kehontas volunteered to start drafting a policy around account management to ensure the board always has access to CFK accounts.

###### New Business.

Robert said that he was in discussions with a Louisville member of the Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ) about hosting a data wrangling workshop, and asked if we would like it to be a CFK event.

The group thought it could be worthwhile and fit with the mission. Kehontas asked that any such events not be tailored and limited to a select group like SPJ, and that CFK work to make these types of sessions broadly applicable and available. There was consensus among the group that this is how we should treat such events.

No further business. 

Dawn moved to adjourn. Bret seconded. Motion approved. Meeting adjourned.

